README.md, before:

# ModCraft

This is a toy project of mine where I'm aiming to at least partially recreate a popular block-based game with performance and modding in mind. This game uses [bevy](https://bevyengine.org/) as an engine.

## Crates

`modcraft_app`: Contains a compilation feature flag `client` which will compile the crate into a client vs. a server for the game. On the client side, contains code for rendering and input handling and sending data to the server. When playing single player, the client can start a process with a server. The server code handles game logic and interaction with clients via networking.

`modcraft_lib`: Contains everything(?) that a mod would need to depend on to compile into a library that can be dynamically loaded at runtime by the client or server. The server crate depends on this library and uses it to load anonymous mods at runtime.

`example_mod`: An example mod crate that depends on `modcraft_lib`.

# Short Term Goals

- [X] Workspace for alpha development
- [X] Client/server compilation options
- [X] Figure out split between server/client/lib architecture 
- [X] Get bevy setup in the workspace
- [X] Pick client/server communication library (probably `bevy_quinnet` or `bevy_renet`) (chose `bevy_quinnet` for now)
- [X] Get `bevy_quinnet integrated into project`
- [ ] Reorganize systems and gracefully move between states
- [ ] Use a dynamic library loading crate to load a mod (`libloading`?)
- [ ] Get `modcraft_lib` to be able to define a mod
- [ ] An example mod that loads and runs
- [ ] Figure out the real appropriate license

# Long Term Goals

- [ ] Config options built into `modcraft_lib` (should that be split into its own crate?)

Commit message:

Worked on interal server stuff, ran into issues

README.md, after:

# ModCraft

This is a toy project of mine where I'm aiming to at least partially recreate a popular block-based game with performance and modding in mind. This game uses [bevy](https://bevyengine.org/) as an engine.

## Crates

`modcraft_app`: Contains a compilation feature flag `client` which will compile the crate into a client vs. a server for the game. On the client side, contains code for rendering and input handling and sending data to the server. When playing single player, the client can start a process with a server. The server code handles game logic and interaction with clients via networking.

`modcraft_lib`: Contains everything(?) that a mod would need to depend on to compile into a library that can be dynamically loaded at runtime by the client or server. The server crate depends on this library and uses it to load anonymous mods at runtime.

`example_mod`: An example mod crate that depends on `modcraft_lib`.

# Short Term Goals

- [X] Workspace for alpha development
- [X] Client/server compilation options
- [X] Figure out split between server/client/lib architecture 
- [X] Get bevy setup in the workspace
- [X] Pick client/server communication library (probably `bevy_quinnet` or `bevy_renet`) (chose `bevy_quinnet` for now)
- [X] Get `bevy_quinnet integrated into project`
- [ ] Reorganize systems and gracefully move between states
- [ ] Use a dynamic library loading crate to load a mod (`libloading`?)
- [ ] Get `modcraft_lib` to be able to define a mod
- [ ] An example mod that loads and runs
- [ ] Figure out the real appropriate license

### BUG!!!

I have discovered that apparently when you open a connection to a server, that just doesn't return an error? So what you are waiting on to show that you are really connected is a connected event, which is fair enough. My current game logic moves the game state right when there is user input to join or host a server. The game state should really be changed after the successful connection event? This really feels like I need to figure out a better way to handle the states with an internal server. What would work really well is if there could be a set of states for each enum. 

# Long Term Goals

- [ ] Config options built into `modcraft_lib` (should that be split into its own crate?)
